Doc: add expanded accordion explanation (#39304)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/components/accordion.md

Click the accordions below to expand/collapse the accordion content.

To render an accordion that's expanded by default:
- add the `.show` class on the `.accordion-collapse` element.

> - drop the `collapse` class from the `.accordion-button` element and set its `aria-expanded` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- drop the `.collapsed` class from the `.accordion-button` element and set its `aria-expanded` attribute to `true`.
```
